hello it's ruby and with back to school
just around the corner i thought i would
share with you my back to school
essentials
in this video i'm going to be sharing
some actual things which are good to
have for back to school but also some
things that's good to do before back to
school
[Music]
i'm going to start with three pieces of
stationery now one of the most important
things you can have going into back to
school
is a good pen yes fires work really well
but there's something really special
about having a special pen
pens are powerful and i've actually read
that having a nice pen that you enjoy
writing with
can help you to be more productive so
be mindful of the pens that you choose
to bring to school the pens you choose
to study
with make sure they're pans that you
enjoy writing with my personal favorites
are the lamy safari pens medium nib
and the zebra sarasa vintage edition
pens i've got one in red black
next essential is highlighters my
personal favorite highlighter is the
mild liner
on one end you've got a highlighted tip
and on the other side you've got a felt
tip marker
these are just really key for color
coding notes
you can also make your notes look really
aesthetic
on the same grain having some colored
pens for color coding can be really
handy
my personal favorite are the stabilo
fine liners
my third and final stationary essential
is sticky notes i use sticky notes
for pretty much everything they are so
versatile you can use them to
make quick notes and annotations when
you're reading you can
use them to jot down quick notes and
abbreviations of notes
they're just good i think to always have
on you next it's really good to
have a reusable water bottle because
keeping hydrated when you're studying
is really really important and i always
keep this with me when i'm on campus
next a school bag which has enough room
to fit everything that you need
i'm using this year my old school bag
from school because
it has very padded straps and it has
lots of room
really prioritize practicality over
style i think next an academic planner
or bullet journal a way of organizing
so this here is my academic planner
which i'm releasing tomorrow actually on
the 17th of august
and this here is my bullet journal from
last year
also important is a random notebook just
for jotting down with mind maps and
lists
any kind of thing you might need paper
for next a pair of headphones
this is great for listening to music
when you're studying
so now for non-material essentials which
are great for back to school
number one a decluttered phone
tablet laptop whatever technology you
might use for school
go through and clear out your camera
roll clear your desktop get rid of any
lingering files
it's great to have a new interface which
is clean
and ready to go and which makes it
really easy for you to find your
documents
next it's good to have an organization
system which is really clear on how
you're going to write and organize your
notes
so this might be folders flash cards
notebooks just be very clear of this
beforehand
and get all of those materials ahead of
time
[Music]
next a good study playlist so come up
with a classical music playlist for
example
which you can study too the next
essential is a list of recipes for back
to school
so that you have all of these really
easy recipes which are just ready to go
as soon as you might need them
so healthy snack ideas you can write up
and also
actual meal ideas next to a university
bucket list
things that you really want to do when
university starts up again or when
you're back at school
this should not be so hard to write
considering that we've been off so long
next it's great to have a good study
space and do stay tuned because one of
my next videos is going to be
how to make a good study space
a decluttered wardrobe and room is also
very important whether you're going back
to school or university next a fixed
sleep schedule
since we haven't had school and
university over the summer it's really
easy to
fall out of those sleep routines that
we're used to building during the
academic year
so take about a week two weeks where you
can really let yourself get used to
waking up early again
and finally a brief understanding of how
your modules will work
and your specifications just so when you
go into your new academic year you
are at least semi-well-versed in how
your modules are going to take place
obviously this will be explained to you
when you're back but just having some
kind of an understanding
is good before your first seminar and
maybe doing a little bit of pre-research
beforehand so that you go into that
first discussion
and you're able to really get stuck into
the work
so thank you so much for watching this
very quick video i hope that you enjoyed
it
and i hope that you have a productive
week
[Music]
you